Add proxy configuration Java profiling (#7086)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiling/_index.md

    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/introducing-datadog-profiling/'
      tags: 'Blog'
      text: 'Introducing always-on production profiling in Datadog.'
    - link: 'tracing/profiling/proxy'
      tag: 'Documentation'

>       text: 'Configure your Proxy to forward your profiles to Datadog'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      text: 'Configure your Proxy to forward your profiles to Datadog.'
```
